[Music]
hello it's ruby
and today i'm going to be filming a
reset day
i had two essays due in a few days ago
like yesterday and the day before and
as a result the last two weeks have just
been really hectic with studying
and doing loads of work and i've ended
up putting
some admin tasks and like cleaning
decluttering on the back burner and so
today i just want to
get on top of all of that and um take
some things off that i've been meaning
to take off
it's currently 10 o'clock and i've spent
this morning from 7 till ten just doing
some writing
because i haven't really been able to
spend much time doing that over the last
few weeks
and um i really wanted to
made a to-do list very aesthetic to-do
list i must say
and it's separated into admin
cleaning and decluttering and then i'll
probably add things to these to-do lists
as i go along
so i'm going to start by
cleaning out some things that i've left
outside my room which i really shouldn't
have left
outside i brought all my stuff upstairs
that have been like around the house but
i haven't put it anywhere i just put it
outside my door so
i need to actually go through that it's
really embarrassing
look at that pile of place so
i started off by clearing out those
things outside my bedroom and
then i decided to do a big clothes
declutter which i have been really
meaning to do over the last few months
i know that i have an obscene amount of
clothes some of this clothing is
maybe nine years old i went through
everything that was in the loft and
i refolded organized it and that massive
checked laundry bag at the back is
everything that i was getting rid of
which is actually quite a lot i think
[Music]
so then next i decided to organize my
underwear and socks drawers because
these had again got extremely messy
embarrassingly so
and i um just again like decluttered
sorted through my socks
also use these cloth bags i love using
cloth bags for organizing
[Music]
so here is the sock drawer i just
organized and i am so happy with how it
looks
so i have got the things i wear most
often here so
ballet tights and then trainer socks in
these two and then i've got
walking socks ankle socks and like
fun socks knee-high socks
and tights here and it's just so much
more organized and it looks so much
better
okay i've got a massive laundry bag
which is overfilling of things i'm
actually gonna get rid of i never get
rid of clothes and
such a clothes order you can probably
tell from my wardrobe but i'm finally
going to get rid of some stuff and i'm
also going to try on some bits
and put some stuff into my wardrobe that
was in the loft like summer clothes that
i want to transition in so
yeah let's go so i absolutely love this
top like i love the design of it i think
it's got such a gorgeous color and it
looks so nice under jumpers
it's just so pretty it's just too tight
on the arms
and so i'm gonna sell this over on depop
i literally am so gutted that it does
not fit me
so when i got this i didn't like it like
from as soon as i got it i got it second
hand and i just did not
really like the way it looked on me i
actually kind of like it now
then i was back on the clothing i wanted
to sort out this main compartment of my
wardrobe because i hadn't done that for
a while so i took out all of my hanging
clothes
and then went through everything
individually and put it back
[Music]
okay it's now four o'clock and i have
finally finished
that massive declutter of my wardrobe
and um my clothing loft mainly
so this is what my wardrobe is looking
like now i mean it doesn't look that
different but i think it does look a lot
cleaner
next i want to sort through these sticky
notes because i have
so many and they're just not organized
at
all and i know i have ones in here that
i don't use so i'm gonna go through them
[Music]
do so i had a snack break
i love these protein bars from misfit
protein
then i did some cleaning so i dusted my
beans which
again i haven't done in quite a long
time and this did take quite a long time
like
i procrastinate doing this because it is
just such a time-consuming job
it took me about 15-20 minutes to
dust the beams in their entirety
i also wipe down my bedside table and
hoovered in my bedroom
[Music]
my picnic basket was downstairs from
when i'd had a picnic with my mum a
couple days before so i put that back in
my bedroom and refilled it with all of
my snacks because
i used the picnic basket to store snacks
in my bedroom
then i disinfected my desk so i just
cleaned everything off
first of all and then used
this surface spray to wipe it down i
really like to disinfect my desk fairly
regularly because i use it so much it's
not very sanitary to be using that desk
every single day and then
not disinfect it then i wrote up a to-do
list of everything i need to do
for university i will add this over the
course of the week
but i just what i just used some washi
tape to stick that above my desk
so that i could refer to it throughout
the week
and then finally i emptied my bin which
needed emptying and i just
put so all of our paper recycling goes
over here
and then we use this other bin for other
recyclables
most of my rubbish is paper and remedy
drink cans because these are the most
amazing drinks ever
i am loving the coconut water kefir at
the moment but i also love the passion
fruit
kombucha and then i just lined that with
a carry bag
if you didn't know i am a massive
musicals fan my favorites matilda i also
love dear evan hansen
and annie i love watching musicals i'm
going to do one of
cairo pro's workouts i've been loving
her greatest shame ones especially so i
think i'm gonna do one of those and
yeah just going to get changed into
something else because this is fleeced
so i'm going to get so hot in this if i
wear this i got ready for my
very fun dance class this was literally
so much fun
i don't usually like dancing but dancing
to a musical soundtrack is a completely
different thing
this is the workout i ended up doing if
you're interested
[Music]
i just finished that and it was so much
fun i did the
frozen one and well i did half of the
frozen one and then i also did the
greatest shame and part three one
and they were both really good um i need
to make dinner now
so i'm making a couscous dish for dinner
um but i'm gonna have one of these pink
wafers as a snack
oh my gosh that's so good
[Music]
good morning i was only gonna do
yesterday but i think i'm gonna film
this morning to you so
retrospective you don't think i actually
got that much footage so here we are
next day again i started the morning
with some writing and then i also got
all of my basic admin tasks done in the
morning but
the clips actually weren't that exciting
so i didn't think i'd share them
next i wanted to go downstairs and clear
the kitchen my parents were on a walk
together and
i cleared the table first of all because
it was a little bit cluttered
and just wiped it down and disinfected
it
i also cleared the island and i had left
my popcorn machine and also wiped my
waffle iron out on the side which i'm
not supposed to do so i cleared those
away
also we just got some popcorn kernels
and so i transferred those into a jar
quite unsuccessfully as you can see i
managed to get them all over the counter
top
and then i just wiped down and
disinfected the sides my mum usually
does this and so i kind of i just wanted
to surprise her by having it done by the
time she got back
then i emptied the dishwasher
and my dad had mentioned that morning
that we really needed to go through the
nut basket we have like a whole basket
in our cupboard which is just for nuts
and so
i went through that here so this is the
natural i
organized like how it ended up looking i
just lined up
all of the bags here then there are kind
of like raisins
wasabi peas and
snacking nuts and then loads of almonds
down here that my mum uses for baking
in this ziploc bag there are raisins
again
as you can see we do have quite a lot of
nuts um everyone in my family really
likes nuts and it's like one of the main
snacks that we go for
and then next i did some more
organization in the library so
yeah this library is not very organized
and a lot of the books are double
stacked
and so i'm trying to do a little bit
every week
in getting it reorganized because that's
kind of my job at the moment
and so i did some work on this for about
like
45 minutes to an hour and it is really
good fun but it is quite tiring
so then after that i did i did end up
reorganizing our food cupboard but i
didn't get any clips of me actually
doing that so
i'm just going to show you the final
product i also organized all of the
baking bits here
i need to wipe that down still though so
i put flour here and then
more flour and baking bits here like
yeast and
baking powder and then all of these are
like alternative flours and then in here
there are sugars and sweeteners
so um for example dates that's what i
tend to use to sweeten
my things when i'm baking and like icing
sugar jam sugar
chocolate chips yeah i'm very happy with
how that looks
anyway thank you so much for watching
this video i hope you enjoyed it
and i hope that you have a productive
[Music]
week